# HFLA Meeting Agenda
Sep 5 2018, 7PM

## Brigade Congress
  * What is it?
  * Who's going?

## National Day Recap
  * What went well?
  * What could be improved?
  
## Hack Night Updates
  * **DTLA (Josh)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **Westside (Wes & Kegan)**
    * Existing Project Updates
    * Needs?
  * **SouthLA (Tamura)**
    * Location
    * Launch date

## Team Updates
  * Defining New Team Roles
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/19Bj7nYs5eHvNr2voR2tohoOYw2UfN4uCDPrpd6jv7pE
    * Thoughts?
  * External Partnerships
    * City of Los Angeles, Emergency Management Department (EMD)
      * Point of contact: Veronica Hendrix
      * Reimagining the RYLAN initiative
    * County of Los Angeles
      * Point of contact: Niles Friedman
      * Update/Scope?
    * Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority (LAHSA)
      * Point of contact: Maz 
      * Head of data teams want to meet and discuss a potential data-focused project
      * Setting a meeting for next week
      
## Misc
  * Updates to Website
  * Facebook / Online fundraising
    * Hackerfund donor box
  * Merch/Swag: stickers, (new) Core Team Tshirts, (new) Community Member Tshirts
  
## MEETING NOTES
* In attendance: Anthony, Nina, Kegan, Andrea, Josh
* Brigade Congress
  * October 21, 2018 in Charlotte, NC
  * Not yet decided on who's going, team must make a decision by Sept 12.
* Partnerships
  * Emergency Management Department
    * County of LA has a similar department that is interested in sharing information and learning about RYLAN
    * Project discovery is in process with Josh, Jim, and Tim
  * LAHSA
    * Entire core team is interested in participating and finding out more about this data heavy project
    * Josh to relay conference call and date once it's decided between Lex and Maz
  * County of LA
    * Nina will meet with Niles soon to understand the scope
  * Annenberg Foundation
    * Their contact visited the westside hack night, met with Marie
    * It's a marketplace / commons for anybody who serves people in education, etc. Essentially is looking to map and catalog all the happenings
    * Never returned to hack night, walked away thinking more about the target audience
* Team Roles
  * This is a new way of formally presenting what our team is pursuing and achieving
  * Will be a living document that can be adjusted and changed bi-annually/semi-annually
  * How will roles proceed? 
    * Team will self-nominate and self-appoint, an effort based on roles that are currently being fulfilled and what's leftover 
    * Andrea brought up the idea that some roles have an overwhelming amount of responsibilities (eg. Marketing, etc.)
    * These roles are more defined like a "lead" role and can recruit people to help with things like content creation, etc.
  * Do we have a deadline to finalize role definitions? 
    * End of 2018 (along with mission)
* Mission Statement / Branding
  * Anthony, Nina, and Andrea will work on a foundation for a living document that will be modified
  * Deadline by end of 2018 :)
* Fundraising
  * Anthony will send around facebook fundraisers and hackerfund donor box information to reinforce our need to get funding
  * Code for America funds are in process of being transferred to Hackerfund
* Hack Night Updates
  * South LA
    * Location
      * Tamura is not sure about the Hot and Cool cafe location
      * Tamura said the area is packed, crowded and may be too loud / busy. Also has mobility / accessibility problems
      * A guy from Annenberg is interested in helping out, Nina to followup
    * Kimberly Jo was able to secure funding, waiting on Justin (Hackerfund) for info to transfer funds to us
      * Anthony and Nina to followup
  * DTLA
    * Spare
      * Nearing MVP release, looking for help with funding the backend services (Heroku)
    * Jobs for Hope
    * Collaboration Tree (Community Project)
      * Will figure out a baseline framework on how we support community projects
    * Metro On Time
      * Josh to work on setting up a meet with Metro developers
      * Hoping to establish a working relationship with Metro
    * RYLAN (External Partnership Project)
    * Curbmap
      * Need to discuss the future of Curbmap
  * Westside
    * Marie and Wes led workshops and discussions in the following 3 weeks after National Day
      * Great turnout for these talks
    * Engage
      * Working hard towards an MVP with an electronic comment feature
      * Will generate a report for the City
      * Looking to launch this month, targeting Sept 25 (Santa Monica City Council Meeting)
    * Street Tree Map
      * Working hard, has all the resources it needs to continue making progress
      * Meeting and engaging with SM City's urban forestry crew (source of datasets)
