# August 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

## Events

* Civic Tech Happy Hour with Ev
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.05
  * __Update__: Has been added to calendar, please advertise to members.

* [National Day of Civic Hacking](https://www.codeforamerica.org/national-day-of-civic-hacking)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.21
  * __Update__: The event is registered with CfA. We're talking to potential partners to determine what we will do.
  * More details below.

* [153 Startup Battle](https://battle.startup.network/events/395044/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.08 7pm-10pm
  * __Update__: The event was OK... It just seemed that the people who were motivated to be there were singularly driven by a desire to get funding.

* [Data Con LA 2019](https://www.dataconla.com/)
  * Scheduled: 2019.08.17 8:30am-8:30pm
  * __Update__: Kegan is running point, will attend part of the day. (Does the tabling team need any support?) Josh has scheduled all the necessary social media posts.
  * Nina: Save money & paper by printing out one color flyer, taping it to the table, and have people take a picture with their phone.
  
* [Tech Day LA 2019](https://techdayhq.com/los-angeles)
  * Scheduled: 2019.09.26 10am-5pm
  * __Update__: Still looking for an event champion. Please promote event at our hack nights, registration is FREE (and help find a champion)
  
* [USC Riptide Summit 2019](https://uscriptide.com)
  * Scheduled: 2019.10.05 9am-5:30pm
  * __Update__: Aaron is in talks to speak/present a workshop (on behalf of HFLA). Josh is continuing to follow-up with Aaron and Irene (organizer) to ensure HFLA is properly represented at this collegiate event.
  
* [UCLA Explore Tech Conference](https://exploretech.la)
  * Scheduled: TBD (April 2020)
  * __Update__: Vanessa (organizer) reached out to our team. Josh is following up with her to find out how we can support their event. Early returns seem to indicate they're looking for workshop presenters. This event's audience is high school students, so it may not be relevant to us. 

## Discussion

### Marketing/Events
- Bonnie: noticed that we're doing a lot of marketing for the partner event, but don't do tweeting about our own events so it's starting to look like an advertising channel for a partner.  Is concerned that without a HFLA marketing plan, the partnerships are hurting us.
- Nina: agrees completely, was planning to roll out more social media posts as part of the overall strategy to dilute the promotional posts.
- Kegan: hack night hosts can tweet out the photos taken from hack nights
- Bonnie: has set up an Amazon account for photos
- Nina: what is the preferred workflow
- Bonnie: doesn't have the capacity to post during hack nights
- Tamura: would rather have a social media person handle that
- Kegan: can make dedicated time, but isn't even on social media now.
- Anthony: a mix of the two? might be helpful if Anthony drafts up ~seven versions of a tweet they could use and someone can attach a photo, then copy/paste it out?
- Kegan: better if we schedule it cause hack nights are busy and stuff comes up.
- Bonnie: how about recruiting a volunteer to do the social media posts. can set up a channel to post to.
- Anthony: if we can find volunteers, that would be great... but if not, he's fine doing it. just hard to make the posts unique and not repetitive
- Wes: can we set up buffer to automatically post, and just have hack night hosts modify the posts if we have something specific to say.
- Kegan: to address the repetitiveness, how about we post an update about a different project each hack night.
- Bonnie: can tweet about Volunteer Onboarding nights, Project Showcase nights
- Anthony: we don't need posts telling people to come to DTLA/Westside hack nights, but posts about what's going on may be useful
- Bonnie: what about advertising on Indeed?
- Kegan: would rather ask people who are already there at hack nights
- Andrea: how about a separate channel to copy/paste what they want to post, is willing to post to Twitter.  Made a channel last year: #marketing-strategy.  Can commit to Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday nights pushing to Twitter right now.  Should still create a more robust plan.
- Nina: How about in the immediate future posting the photo + message directly to the channel.

### National Day

* There's a channel for planning.  So far it is Nina, Anthony, and Wes who are involved, plus one westside volunteer, Sam.
* Please direct any promising hack night volunteers who would be interested in being part of putting on National Day to the channel.
* We'll start hosting regular planning meetings.
* Nina: Strategy at this stage is to continue off of last year's event, maybe do a similar format where we have SMEs speak about the issue.  We can present an update on Heart (ties into last year's event and is related to expungement).  Next is to figure out how we incorporate the Day of Action ideas, then figure out how we tie in possible N.E.W. partners.
* Bonnie has a potential location in DTLA that fits 200.

### South LA Launch
 * It's been running for 3 weeks now!
 * How has it been going?
 * Any needs & support we can provide?
- Tamura: 1st night did Civic Hacking 101 and played Wild Combinations.  Was low tech cause she used foam boards to present.  Tne next week was pitch night - how we go from an idea to a project.  It got really off the wall for a bit.  Is having a hard time wrangling some individuals when she can't find the pause in their breath to interrupt them.  Last night was, what idea will we work on to try to build into a project.  Working on the Project Light the Way and Affordable Housing project ideas.  Will need help hosting the last Wednesday of the month.  Would appreciate advice for vetting the project ideas to get them going.  Is really enjoying the space.  Shanita and her staff have been very friendly and accomodating.

### July Offsite Retreat

* How did it go?
* Action items coming out of this meeting:
  * Put breakout notes into the Team Drive
  * Kegan to look at data.
* Scheduling for the next one:
  * [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/9usqybb35fhqefwp)
- Bonnie: thought it went really well and that it was effective but we need the deadlines that we agreed to and they should be in the agenda. We have different ideas on how we should do documentation.  Everyone is also just really busy.  Are the deadlines achievable?  They should have been posted in the channel.  Should we just post them into the channel.
- Wes: KPIs - Challenge meeting our commitments.  Didn't have a weeding out exercise.  possible that we bit off more than we can do.
- Bonnie: should build out a little more leeway into the deadlines to be more realistic.
- Anthony: any suggestions for deadlines?
- Bonnie: will carve out time with Wes 
- Wes: we're chasing so many different goals, we're not able to focus on doing them well.
- Wes: read a book about OKRs called Measure What Matters.  Set shorter term goals and limit the high level objectives that you have.
- Bonnie: Maybe we need to do the work at the next offsite dedicated to this.
- Wes: Do we have a way to focus on developing just 1-2 goals before the next offsite?  Like needing more KPIs for HFLA.  Probably shouldn't chase that one right away.  Social Media strategy could be a good one that activates and engages our membership.
- Bonnie: Would rather focus on KPIs to measure trending what we do instead of focusing on goals.  Maybe instead of doing more marketing for the organization, we should be doing fewer partner events?
- Kegan: It's not a trivial amount of work to measure and analyze KPI data.
- Wes: To Bonnie's point, we're reacting but not being tactical.
- Anthony: Should we do an offsite dedicated to KPIs? 
- Wes: What's our next most important strategic step? Is it to drive engagement with our existing projects to make them as successful as possible? What is the high level goal behind setting up social media and tabling, which are things we "feel" like we should be doing. If our most important goal is to becoming a 501c3 in a year with a budget and staff, then we would funnel energy into that instead of projects.
- Anthony: At a loss for what our next steps are.
- Wes: What are the ends to those major goal categories that we have?
- Anthony: Should we vote, look into, brainstorm, or what to get that focus?
- Wes: Should really be the focus of the next offsite as we look into these things that we could be putting our energy into.  What is the future that we are driving toward?
- Anthony: Are you willing to take the lead on planning what our activity for the next offsite will look like?
- Wes: Yeah, can put some energy into the organization part.  Would like a collaborator to work with.
- Andrea: How about the notes?
- Wes: Will go through the notes and if needs something, will reach out to each group.

### Summer Picnic!

* How did it go?
- It was awesome, great times, lots of sunshine and food.  We need more of these types of events - probably way more useful than tabling at this point.
- Bonnie: we need to schedule the winter social, look for a place, and potentially charge $5 for it.  Bonnie can do it if everyone can vote on a date by the next meeting.

### HackerFund responsiveness

- Legal guidance
- Engage expenses
- South LA payment
- Kegan: Engage peeps have signed up for the service, Abacus, but don't know if they've charged anything to be reimbursed yet.
- Anthony: last time he's talked to Engage they've started expensing things.
- Bonnie: any luck getting a revised version of the under 18 legal doc without sleepovers.
- Anthony: will just make the changes and get HackerFund to sign off on it.  will send the draft to Bonnie to see if it meets her needs.
- Bonnie: had a conversation with Veronica (CfA) - CfA is still our legal sponsor even if we have a fiscal sponsor so Brigades can't sign any NDA unless it's generated by and approved of by CfA.
- Nina: Could be from the MOU we signed with CfA.

### Website
- Nina: new Slack invite Heroku App that we can customize.
- Bonnie: concern about being out of sync with CfA Code of Conduct.
- Kegan: should be fine with directing people to our source of truth code of conduct (GitHub or website, whatever it is).  At the very least should put a link on the website to the Code of Conduct.

## Needs Answer / Needs Action

### From Last Month

### This Month

### Standing Items:

* [Contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) 
in the google team drive.
  * please update information
    * **important!** Potential organizational / non-profit contacts / etc.

## FYI

* [Mission Statement Round 3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OBWyDae-ybtDY1o2xtrbW9lOMc9B_UJX-uvf0KizTsA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * __Update__: We finalized the Mission Statement at the retreat (yay!). The resulting statement is in the doc.

* Brigade Congress is October 18-20 in Cleveland, OH. Consider if you want to attend or propose a session topic.

## Action Items

- [ ] Hack Night Hosts will post photos + blurbs to the #marketing-strategy channel during Hack Nights.
- [ ] Andrea will monitor the channel on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays and post the photos + blurbs to Twitter until we create a more robust marketing plan.
- [ ] Nina will gently remind everyone to fill out the Doodle for the next offsite filled out by this Sunday.
- [ ] Wes will take lead on planning what the next offsite will look like (but needs a collaborator).
- [ ] Anthony will update the language for minors at events, get Bonnie to check the language, then get HackerFund to sign off on it.
- [ ] Nina will set up a Doodle for a Winter Social date so that it is voted on before the Sept 19 meeting.
