# September 2019 Core Meeting Agenda

## Events (7:05pm)

* [USC Riptide Summit 2019](https://uscriptide.com)
  * Scheduled: 2019.10.05 9am-5:30pm
  * __Update__: Aaron is in talks to speak/present a workshop (on behalf of HFLA). Josh is continuing to follow-up with Aaron and Irene (organizer) to ensure HFLA is properly represented at this collegiate event.
  
* [UCLA Explore Tech Conference](https://exploretech.la)
  * Scheduled: TBD (April 2020)
  * __Update__: Vanessa (organizer) reached out to our team. Josh is following up with her to find out how we can support their event. Early returns seem to indicate they're looking for workshop presenters. This event's audience is high school students, so it may not be relevant to us. 


## Discussion

### Parental Consent Form [Kegan] (7:10pm)

### National Day Recap [Wes] (7:20pm)

### August In Person Retreat (7:25pm)

- Wes & Andrea are planning

### Winter Social (7:35pm)

- Nina needs to set up a Doodle for a date.
- Bonnie: we need to schedule the winter social, look for a place, and potentially charge $5 for it.  Bonnie can do it if everyone can vote on a date by the next meeting.

### HackerFund [Anthony] (7:40pm)

- Engage reimbursements
- Bonnie's reimbursement

## Checking In (7:50pm)

* How is hack night marketing going?
* Anything that should be brought up about hack nights?

## Standing Items:

* [Contacts spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hb25B49UVwi87mXBA420q1vDS5pJJvR8AGfI9G9PNc0/) 
in the google team drive.
  * please update information
    * **important!** Potential organizational / non-profit contacts / etc.

## FYI

* Brigade Congress is October 18-20 in Cleveland, OH. Consider if you want to attend or propose a session topic.
* Open Data Day 2020 (early March)
  * If we want to do an event for this day, Murriel Perez is interested in partnering to host a data-oriented event in Long Beach.

## Action Items
