# HfLA Core Meeting Notes 2/20/20

## LACI updates
* Sounds like we are being pushed out due to inconvenience/hassle to LACI management 
* We need to change the nature of our relationship with LACI (e.g. publicize our wins and attribute success to LACI, etc), or we’re out 
* Who do we know who can help us? Does anyone know someone at the DWP? 
* Bonnie has scheduled a lunch with Catherine, who is well-connected (and was also surprised) 
    * We will ask her about other venue opportunities that would be a good symbiotic relationship 

## SoLA Updates
* We’ve restarted SoLA, but the reg hack nights aren’t working out, so we’ve added an educational session (using free code camp, facilitated by Tamura) 
* One new person wanted to work on a project, but was interested in coding, too! 
* We’d separate into 2 groups, 
    * Peer study group - to create a community of coders + momentum 
    * Project group 
* There’s an event at nearby “LA Create Space” (coworking), with an Inglewood/Tech event. 
    * Dean says he’ll support HfLA spokes people at this event 
    * Could Andrea be a spokesperson? Charlotte could support 
    * Opportunity: Introducing the HfLA community to SoLA, and find partnerships to help make that happen, to create it together. We’d also like to recruit a co-host there, if someone is open to doing that. 


* Wes met up with Tyler Bell, who is building a resource map for entrepreneurs in LA.  
    * Tyler wanted to introduce Wes to someone who has Annenberg money who built the [Business Enterprise Center](http://www.vsedc.org/contact-us/) 
        * Maybe it’s a space we can use/community we can tap into 
    * [Innovative Entrepreneurs Hub](https://www.innovativeentrepreneurshub.com/#contact): A co-working space near LAX/Westchester  
        * Also runs start up grind SoLA 
        * Also interested in workforce development? 
        * Might be a good resource re: SoLA 

## Hacker Fund
* Still hasn’t sent the check that has been cut Dec 2nd, though the final docs were signed 2 weeks ago  
* CfA is allowing us to send them expense reports  
* Waiting for invoice from Shanita re: Feb 
* Bonnie: wants to combine outstanding invoices and get guidance on how to submit all of it for Nina 
* CfA only allows 3 people on Expensify (right now we have Bonnie, Wes, Eli(?)) 
* CfA is making a lot of changes re: management of money etc, so hopefully this will change soon too. It’s a time burden, though.  


## Fundraising Learnings
* Wes + Bonnie talked with Leila is on CfA’s fundraising/grant writing team (office hours) 
* CfA buys tools for their own fundraisers, which Leila is willing to use on our behalf  
    * “Prospecting” - if we send orgs/people to Leila, she could look into them see what they’ve given in the past, etc. 
* The kinds of funding we want to get 
    * Corporations 
        * Snap? 
        * E.g. Microsoft civic. Funds open Oakland 
        * Look into other orgs, and see who is sponsoring them. 
    * Foundations 
        * Find brand matches etc, research 
    * Individuals 
        * Major donors 
        * Grassroots - developing more visibility online + communicating with our audience, so we’re on a steady pace delivering news about our impact 
            * Grow mailing list + get impact that way 
            * Wes actually had some success in sending an email to friends and family, as they are happy to help with all the different things that we’re involved with — raised $500-600 
* Restricted giving vs. unrestricted giving 
    * How do we get capacity building funds/operational vs. project money? 
    * Bonnie talked with Noll(?) from Beta NYC and realized we’re doing workforce development differently than lots of other orgs: 
        *  Helping people from bootcamps/etc. to get their first tech job, or people who are underemployed getting skilled back up.  
        * We want funders who are interested in developing new workforce development models.  

* Other funding ideas 
    * “Sponsorship button” you can display on your GitHub repository that links to patreon, cfa etc. 
        * https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/displaying-a-sponsor-button-in-your-repository 
    * LA 2050!  



## SoLA Leadership:
* Would be amazing to have someone on the leadership team to take on how to weave us into the community 
* Idea: 
    * Another brigade wrote a job spec, and advertised, and they got people involved who would normally not come and be involved 
    * We can mention it at hack nights, as it worked for the Westside 
        * One person did reach out on slack to Kegan, who will introduce that person to Bonnie   



## PR/Marketing/Engagement Leadership:
* Maybe we also find an existing job posting and post it? 
* Bonnie will post one in the core channel 
    * We could then post it in our own slack #jobs channel!! 


## @channel usage:
* We got great quick responses in the slack channel with @channel, (1 wireframe help person), (3 people for the 311 project), that involved people who hadn’t really been to a meeting in a while, and were happy to help. We think having an urgent deadline helped. 
    * @Bonnie will ask the people who we asked what channel (heh) they got the message through: slack? Email? Text? 
    * What if we create a channel for people who are interested in react? 
        * Those topic specific channels tend to die because nobody posts to them... 
    * There’s also a danger in using @channel—if we over use it, then people will unsubscribe 
    * What about @here?  
        * We’re unsure of the mechanics. (Btw, here are the differences!) 
        * Summary: 
            *  @here notifies only the active members of a channel 
            *  @channel notifies all members of a channel, active or not 
            *  @everyone notifies every person in the #general channel 


## Charlotte intro!
*She’s excited to be here, and hopes to be able to figure out a good way to get the UX crew better integrated into the community.
*She didn’t say this, but is excited to also be joining wes + kegan as a westside co-host. :)

## General Stakeholder Update:
* We talked with Gina. Summary: We need to establish what credit we’ll get up front before working with them 
* Heart credit deliverables 
    * White Paper which will explain what we did, how we were helpful, etc. 
* LADOT also has a similar problem? 
* We only did a proof of concept for the host-homes project, negotiating in advance is key, so we’re attempting that this time.  


## AWS Update
* Yasmin Lucero is working on AWS, which will be shared on the core channel, re-provisioning accounts 
* But something has happened, but Yasmin thinks we should give the projects more power? Bonnie will chat with Yasmin to investigate 
* Do we have a primacy re: order that we contact AWS people?  
    * K+W say that they want to know more details before asking the other people they know, so they suggest talking to Bonnie’s contact first. 

## Core Meeting Logistics

We will try zoom next time, since Google Hangouts got really laggy towards the end. 
